1. Display the name of movies, movie type is starts with Drama.
Query-SELECT moviename,movieType FROM movie where movieType="Drama%";

2. Display the movies acted by actor Ayushmann.
Query-SELECT moviename FROM movie where HeroName="Ayushmann";

3. Display the count of movies, having length above 18.
Query- SELECT count(*) from movie where Length>18;

4. Display the movie having minimum length.
Query-SELECT MovieName From movie where Length=(Select min(Length) from movie);

5. Display all the details of movie, the language that first name starts with ‘T’.
Query- SELECT * from movie where Language like "T%";

6. Display the movie name, hero name, heroine name whose having maximum length.
Query- SELECT MOvieName, HeroName , Heroine from movie where Length = (SELECT max(Length) from movie);

7. Display the movie name, hero name, heroine name the movie released after 15 march 2018.
Query-SELECT movieName from movie where ReleasedDate>"2018-03-15";

8. Display the count of thriller movies.
Query-SELECT count(*) from movie where MovieType like "%Thriller";

9. Display the count of movies whose released before 15 march 2018
Query- SELECT * from movie where ReleasedDate<"2018-03-15";

10. Display the release date of the movie name ‘Zero’.
Query- SELECT ReleasedDate from movie where MovieName="Zero";

11.Display the actor name that acted with ‘Amy’.
Query-SELECT HeroName from movie where Heroine="Amy";

12.Display the Count of maximum movies released in a month of October.
Query-SELECT * from movie where monthname(ReleasedDate)="october";

13.Display the movienames whose production id for different languages.
Query-

Advanced=
1.Write the query to display productionid, production name with total number movies produced by each.
Query: select p.productionid, m.moviename, count(m.productionid) from movies as m inner join productions as p on p.productionid=m.productionid group by p.productionid;

2.Write the query to display production name, owner name have produced more than 2 movies. 
Query: select p.Ownername,p.Productionid ,p.Productionname, count(m.Movienname) from productions as p left join movie as m ON p.Productionid = m.Productionid group by p.Productionid having count(Movienname)>=2;

3.Write the query to display production name, owner name have produced maximum movies 
Query: select p.Productionid ,p.Productionname, max(mv.Moviename) from productions as p left join movies as mv ON p.Productionid = mv.Productionid group by p.Productionid ORDER BY 'Productionid' DESC LIMIT 1;

4.Write the query to display the moviename, heroname and productionname acted in the producer name= ’Subaskaran’. 
Query: select p.Productionname, m.Moviename, m.Heroname, m.language from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.Productionid where language !='Subaskaran';

5.Write the query to display the moviename, heroname whose productionid ends with 82.
Query: select p.Productionname, m.Moviename, m.Heroname, m.language, m.productionid from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.Productionid where p.productionid like "%82";

6.Write the query to display the productionname, ownername who has not produced the movie. 
Query: select p.Productionname, p.Ownername from productions as p left join movie as m on p.Productionid = m.Productionid group by p.productionid having count(m.Movienname)=0;

7.Write the query to display the productionname, ownername who has not produced the ‘hindi’ movie.
Query: select p.Productionname, m.Moviename, m.Heroname, m.language from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.Productionid where language !='hindi';

8.Write the query name to display the heroinename who acted in the different productions but not in same production id.

Ans: Amy

9.Write the query to display the heroname who acted in maximum languages. 
Query: Select p.Productionid ,m.Heroname, max(m.Language) from productions as p left join movie as m ON p.Productionid = m.Productionid group by m.Heroname;

10.Write the query to display the production name, owner name who has produced movie for more languages. 
Query:

11.Write the query to display the productionname, producername who has not produced any movie
Query: select p.productionname, p.ownername from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.productionid group by p.productionid having count(m.moviename)=0;
